hi everyone and welcome to Nicko's
kitchen today we're going to be making
hot dogs I love them I love eating hot
dogs when you're watching some football
or any other sort of sport or if it's
just for a packed lunch or taking them
down to the beach they're fantastic
so we're going to make hot dogs today
but there's a bit of a twist
okay hot dogs
they are fantastic at anytime anywhere
any place and we're going to make him
today but like I said there's a bit of a
twist we're gonna make stuffed hot dogs
in that we're gonna stuff our sausage
with cheese and onion and sauce now
usually it all goes over the top and you
know it falls apart everywhere well
we're actually gonna put it inside our
sausage and then we're gonna wrap our
sausage in bacon okay so here's what
you're gonna need get - or like I said
you can you know you can get any sort of
sausages you want and as and as many as
you want I'm just gonna do two today
okay one rack one rasher of bacon cut in
half we're going to use a sharp knife to
cut them in half okay you're gonna need
some onion some chopped onion you're
gonna need some salt and pepper we're
gonna need some a bit of clean this up
the right way some tomato ketchup and
some Dijon mustard or you can use
American mustard if you want to and this
is optional I love it sauerkraut now all
it is is cabbage salt and water okay you
can buy them in the can sometimes I make
it myself it's okay but it's just as
easy to get in the can it's pretty good
so get some sauerkraut if you want to if
you don't want to leave it out and we're
also gonna use some cheddar cheese now
what I want you to do with the cheese is
cut a slice off okay just cut it
straight down there and then cut it in
the middle into sticks like that so
we're gonna stuff our sausage there with
some cheese in the middle that's just
gonna go all gooey and melt all over the
cheese and it's gonna be wrapped up in
the bacon and of course okay some hot
dog rolls get the sesame seed ones I
think they're really nice and just kind
of
in half and later on we'll toast these
guys okay I'll show you how to do it
alrighty guys first thing first we just
want to make our sauce that we're going
to put in the sausages here so we're
gonna get some Dijon mayonaise I stay
here squeeze of that not too much and
equal half of tomato ketchup we'll just
put that straight in there housing right
doesn't make a great noise don't worry
about the effect okay
we're going to mix that up like that
instead of having them separate we're
gonna add them together let's give it a
good mix it's a great color to that sort
of light orangey reddish color it's
really nice okay that's the sauce now
we're going to cut our sausages okay you
get a really sharp knife okay and tip
first I'm just gonna make an incision
and just cut like that you don't to go
all the way through okay and we just
want to go up to about there just make
an incision like that and just pull it
apart okay so we've got something like
that okay with a little pocket inside
the sausage don't go just go up to about
there okay
and don't go all the way down okay now
that we've done our sausages you're just
gonna spoon some of the sauce in there
okay just like that just be really
gentle with them take a bit of care with
this okay
now this might seem a bit of work and
you know doing this for a few people but
let me tell you
it is well worth it okay we got our
sauce we want to put it out cheese just
put it right down the bottom there and
you go just like that
cover it up with a bit of sauce okay my
hands no no we just want to add little
bits of onion in there as well just put
your toothpick
straight through there that'll just hold
the bacon in okay now you get your bacon
and just lift up your sausage just wrap
it around until you get to the end and
we'll get another toothpick I'll put
that one in straight through there so it
holds in that one so that's your sausage
there guys wrapped in bacon do it to the
other one and then we'll put them on the
grill okay guys that's what you wanted
to look like alright just wrapped in
bacon pick him up by the forks just
there by the toothpicks okay and that's
where you wanted to look like now we're
going to put them on a pretty hot grill
with some oil in it okay we'll go to our
cast iron griddle pan just to you again
that nice and hot put some oil in it
just some vegetable oil and we're going
to put our stuff sausages straight on
there like that okay and we're gonna put
our other sausage on there yeah like
that okay everyone the oil
Dakotah through now you want to cook
these babies for more I don't know about
a couple minutes on each side or you
know maybe three minutes on each side
you will get you know obviously some bit
of onions that will just fall out but
most of it will stay in there okay don't
worry about it
but all that cheese is gonna melt when
the heat comes through and that Bacon's
gonna be crispy the sausages are gonna
be absolutely beautiful they are packed
full of flavor hot dogs are cooking
nicely that's a nice color just ear and
the hot dog here is all cooking nicely
got the couple of little pieces going in
there to pull it off but I've just
turned these and they're going to be
done and probably another couple of
minutes and then we'll put them in our
hot dog bones now if you want to toast
your hot dog buns I would do them right
now at this stage if not just leave them
and then we'll assemble them pretty soon
okay now it's time to assemble
okay just on the bottom there you can
see all that cheese is all gooey and
melted and looking lovely okay I'll just
pull the toothpicks out your bacon will
stay right there because it's now
attached to it now like I said you can
put a bit of extra sauce and this is
optional I'm putting some sauerkraut
just over the top which is just some
cabbage and water and a little bit of
vinegar I'm just gonna put that over the
top and I think I've got some of this
sauce left over what I'll do is I'll
just drizzle that over the top
just like that just because I had some
left over and it's really yummy and that
my friends is one hell of a hot dog so
there you have it folks
Nikko's hot dogs
they're gooey with that cheese with
young yin with the sauce and the tender
made the crispy bacon I don't know about
you but life doesn't get much better
than that you take care and I'll see you
next time